Good idea.
Today I will replace your unsatisfactory father
Give you a good lesson, you little bitch
Take down the baguette
Village Chief, I beg you to spare Wenwen
result
village chief
I beg you.
Give him a chance to prove his innocence
Release me now
Don't blame me for being rude, Village Chief
Didn't you say before that I've passed the sea of swords and fires?
Just give our children a chance to check the breakup?
You can't say it doesn't count
You little pawn
Don't even think about affecting the charm of our Lin family
Don't you take Lin Wenwen, this little bitch
Throw me out of the cafeteria
Wait
captain
You are the head of a village
How can you say it doesn't count?
I have passed the sea of swords and fire
If you push me again
Ah!
I'm going to die right here.
Go down and find Mr. Liezong to give me a review
Jianguo Jianguo Jianguo Jianguo Don't be impulsive
village chief
Lin Jianguo
Lin Wenwenwu women are also from our village after all
We treat them like this
If it gets out
It is inevitable that some people will say that we are making things difficult for people
Like the reputation of my Lin family
You have a lot of adults
Let Wenwen check the grades
It won't affect us too much.
Village Chief, you are open again
Give the women a chance
Besides, today is also a big day
If someone were to die
It will really affect the fortune of our Lin Family Village
OK
You smell it and I can let you verify it.
But I have one condition.
If your grades don't match
Then you must marry Li Ergou from the next village
What!
Although you are as ignorant as a pig
But you are better than young
Your two dogs said he doesn't dislike it.
And he also said
You can bring 200,000 to our village
Ask in English if you dare to agree